h1. Redsync

h2. What's this?

Sync your Redmine's wiki contents to your local filesystem.
Edit them while offline, then upsync them to Redmine.
(Requires Ruby 2.0)

h2. Install

<pre>
gem install redsync
</pre>


h2. Usage

<pre>
Usage: redsync [options]
    -v, --verbose                    Output verbose logs
    -c, --config FILE                Use specified config file instead of ~/redsync.yml
    -s, --status                     Status check. No uploads or downloads will happen
    -i, --interactive                Interactive mode (pry)
</pre>


h2. How it works

Just some scraping...


h2. Warnings

This software has NOT BEEN TESTED :(
Use it at your own risk.
Please beware that it may not work on all versions of Redmine (it's working fine with my installation of 1.2-stable)

h3. Conflicts

Redsync does not deal with conflicts well.
In fact, it does not deal with conflics AT ALL.
A default run of redsync will downsync first, overwriting any local changes if pages are updated on Redmine.
Then it will upsync any remaining changes.


h2. License

The MIT License

Copyright © 2011 Shinya Maeyama.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
